DROOLS-5931 DMN document with further examples decimal() built-in fn (#3130)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/DMN/ref-dmn-feel-builtin-functions.adoc

|`number` in the range `[−6111..6176]`
|===

> NOTE: This function is implemented to be consistent with the `FEEL:number` definition for _rounding toward the nearest neighbor with ties favoring the even neighbor_.

Reviewer: @tarilabs , suggested tweak below, slight reword and no italics. Wdyt?

```
NOTE: This function is implemented to be consistent with the `FEEL:number` definition for rounding decimal numbers to the nearest even decimal number.
```

Author: Hi, reason was to keep same jargon/definition per the spec?

Reviewer: Right, but we don't want to retain the grammatically incorrect or semantically strange aspects of the spec in our Red Hat docs. The bit "rounding toward the nearest neighbor with ties favoring the even neighbor" is wrong/troubling/unclear on many levels.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: This function is implemented to be consistent with the `FEEL:number` definition for rounding decimal numbers to the nearest even decimal number.
```

sure, whatever consistent with docs guideline; like this then @sterobin  ?

Reviewer: @tarilabs Exactly. Both this and the Kogito PR. With that, we're good and I'll merge after the changes are pushed. Thanks Matteo!
